[Music]
hello guys welcome to my channel
the film starts showing a few physicians
who are making the medicine
through which soldiers may be made
stronger
so that they may protect the country as
well but a life-threatening virus is
made in place of medicine
and it is the blunder of them this virus
gradually
begins to spread among the people the
survivors from the infection of virus
start to end the infected people then a
lady is seen who is infected by this
virus
the healthy people try to kill her but
she escapes from there
thinking that we also have emotions it
is not our fault
that we have been infected by the virus
she decides to rescue the infected
people like her
who are fighting with the virus
infection in spite
of being infected then a scene turns to
a brutal man
he is conducting a meeting with his
group members
that i have introduced such a virus
which will kill the infected people
before it
we will be at an advantage due to this
neither this virus will infect us
nor will the other people meet their end
after being infected
and that virus is soon coming to their
access
then a lady comes on the scene whose
name is violet
violet is also the leading character of
this movie
she goes to a place to take that virus
before it
her id test is essential her face is
examined
reaching there then she is called into a
room from there
where she is examined more then her
blood is taken for the medical test
her eyes and mouth are checked it is
being happening so it may be known that
is violet not infected then it is
confirmed
that violet is not infected that she is
healthy then her meeting is arranged
with a man
that man has covered himself perfectly
his appearance
cannot be seen clearly he hands over
violet that bag in which that virus had
been put
he says to her i am giving this bag to
you
but avoid to open it until you
accomplish your assigned task
otherwise the consequence will be worst
violet says don't worry i will take care
of this bag
then she leaves that place possessing
that bag
after a few minutes one more girl
reaches there
as she leaves who says my name is
violet she is told that you came before
a moment
and you took away the bag of virus then
she says
how is it credible i am approaching
right now
i am the real violet then the alarm
begins to beat there the previous
visitor
violet begins to fight with them
appearing there
she battles them too much they begin
to scream if she was the fake violet
then how was she allowed to enter why
did she not detect
when her face was being scanned it is
told to them
that these secret agents are very genius
they can imitate anything now the
question is aroused
now that when her blood sample was taken
and everything was tested
why did she not appear infected while
she was infected by the virus
then a device appears from that fake
violet
that device brings alteration in her
body
as such which declared that she is not
infected
and her blood is without any
contamination then she turns on her
gravity levelers
now her feet were not touching the
ground she was rather moving
in the air it had become easier for her
to flee
there she starts to kill a number of the
people
then she reaches the top floor but the
many people of this place
also come after her but she does not
feel fear at
all and kills all using her sword then
she escapes driving away her bike she
has also that bag where the virus was
put
and she is the same girl who is trying
to rescue the infected people like her
it was the cause that she had taken this
bag of virus
when she opens that bag to check on the
way either there is virus
or not then she is left shocked
witnessing it
there is a kid in that bag instead of
the virus
it was appearing as the upper physic of
that kid is there
she is very frightened and comes to her
group she says
seeing this kid they have played a trick
actually
there was not a virus in this bag there
is only this kid
they will go against us using this kid
and they will eradicate us
because they will make a remedy from it
which they apply on us
what do you think that we will be able
to survive after that
so we will have to kill this kid violet
asks
how can you kill the child let's clear
to you here that she is the real
violet who had been seen in the
beginning
because she wanted to save her group and
the people like her
but her own people turn against her here
she says
it is your goal to rescue the people
like you
so we are going to carry out the same
while killing this child
violet says when did i say to take the
life of anyone to rescue yourself
i was actually not in this favor that
someone's life may be taken either it is
me or someone else
then her group says okay violet
you can part from us violet leaves that
place without saying a single word
but she is shrewd and impartial she had
taken away that child stealthily
movie projector had been turned on there
to create the deception there
so it might be clear that child is still
present there
her group finds that child fake when it
is nearly to kill him
they fly into rage while chasing violet
how dare you if we can kill this child
then we can also kill you
there violet gathers some details of
that kid from him
but that kid keeps silent then violet
brings that kid directly towards that
vice cardinal
who was announcing in the meeting that
virus will soon be arrived to me
and i will end all other people violet
asks him why did you create this kid or
why had you made the cure
using this kid that man says it was just
a trick
to entrap all of you where is the
concern of this kid
he is my own son return him to me
then violet replies not at all
she drives away taking that kid her
group
is also after her but she hits her car
with them
violet's group of opposition begin to
fire a gun on them
but violet brings that kid at a place
along with her in some way
that kid does not utter a single word on
the whole way
violet struggles hard to communicate
with him
but he is looking so unnatural he may
also be frightened
now violet thinks that she will take him
to her friend
who is scientist and he may reveal
something about him
that scientist extracts that kid's blood
for medical tests
all are left astonished when the test
reports come
because that kid was not for the remedy
of the virus
nor there was any chemical in him which
might be helpful to cure the virus
it means that infected people may be
recovered in fact
that vice cardinal had fixed in the kid
such a device
which may infect the healthy people
using on them
actually he used his own son to infect
the other people
but his trick had flopped where the fact
is is why did he act as such
he wanted to be a sympathetic while
selling his medicine to others
when many people were infected then he
introduced such a medicine
which could cure all viruses and the
infected people
consequently he could earn fame and he
also got financial benefits
got it knowing it violet is also
shocked and she says it means this kid
is of no use for us we have no threat
from him
so i leave him then that kid speaks out
for the first time
he tells my name is six i
am the sixth experiment of the whole
project violet
asks that kid to leave but he does not
violet
says to him go eat and drink and she
leaves away
then she comes to know that police has
caught any kid
she notices going there then he is the
same kid
violet says police will seize him if i
let him go from me
and police officers kill him when the
whole story will be revealed to them
so i will have to keep this kid safe i
have still humanity in me
as violet moves ahead that she may take
that kid with her
then the same group member approaches
there who wanted to victimize the kid
that group will move abducting that kid
and they declare
that they will soon end this kid now
violet's group members
tie the rope in that child's neck to
hang him being brilliant that child
throws his shoe downward so violet may
assess
how many seconds that the shoe take to
fall down imagine
if they drop that child down and the
seconds that the child will take to fall
then
violet has also the same duration of the
time to kill them
so she may pull his rope after killing
them and she may rescue that child
it happens the same but the people
remain unaware about this
violet threatens them i will kill all of
you
they says no one will rescue this child
if you kill
us we will lose his rope violet knows
that she will save the kid
she says okay no issue
lose the control of the rope of the kid
and they do the same
then violet ends all of them as being
focused
she uses her sword skillfully all meet
their end here
violet catches the rope of that child
within this time
as a result that kid is saved violet
contacts with the vice cardinal from
there who is the father of this child
violet tells i am bringing this child
reveal your sight to me then that man
reveals his location to her
and violet moves there so there are a
number of the security guards
but violet does not scare witnessing
them
she says taking out her sword i will
confront to all of them who are willing
to fight with me
that man says you will fight all of them
how innocent you
are the people of that place start to
fire their guns
on violet and they destroy her car when
that vice cardinal move ahead to attack
violet then he comes to know that she is
not the real
violet but she is the image of her who
had been made visible here
through a projector he becomes furious
then vice cardinal starts to track where
this kid will be
because he has fixed a device in that
kid through which location
could be tracked then they reach there
then violet
is taking the swings along with that
child and she is also feeling joyful
with him
when the vice cardinal reaches there
that child has lost his consciousness
because he was not bearing the changes
occurred in his body
coming there they fire their guns on
violet and she is killed
that vice cardinal brings back that kid
with him
on the other side the same scientist is
seen who was the friend of
violet he brings his friend's dead body
with him in his facility
then he performs a surgery on her
passing on her many hours
he tries his best to heal her he says
i applied my whole study here which i
did you cannot die
you will have to revive fortunately it
is seen that
violet has revived after a great
struggle
she asks scientist friend as she wakes
up where is
six take me to his location her friend
says to her
if i give you a suggestion you cannot
face the alone
nor you have any relation with that kid
let him go
just care your life then violet says
i don't care of my life i have to rescue
that kid
i am going there hand me over all
weapons that you have
violet observes reaching there that
those people are nearly to dissect that
kid
that child six lying unconscious
and that kid was nothing for that vice
cardinal but a device
he was brutal he is altering the system
of his body
so he may take out the virus and he may
kill the normal people
for no cause who are not infected
and he sells the medicine to the
infected people then
violet appears there and she begins to
fire on everyone
being bold she ends everyone one by one
and vice cardinal is survived in the end
violet moves to that vice cardinal so
she may also end him
that vice cardinal says to violet before
she moves towards him
i am also infected like you i possess
the same powers
what you have i can confront you but i
hid it from the people because if people
knew
that i am infected then people may avoid
to purchase medicine from me
if you want to face me come i am ready
for it
there is a great battle between them
violet starts to beat him violently
then that time comes when violet is
succeeded to kill that vice cardinal
violet
gets excited thinking she has killed
this vice cardinal
ans she rescues the guiltless people
then she goes to that kid six now the
child
was also in his senses violet
immediately
brings her in the open air and she asks
kid
are you all right that kid replies yeah
absolutely all right now that kid had
not that virus
because it was taken out by vice
cardinal so
humanity had no threat from that kid
violet is very contented neither anyone
will kill the infected people
nor the healed people here this movie
completes graciously
thanks for watching